0.0.1
Running now affects hunger and thirst.
Players are no longer required to be in a thieve's guild to steal from other players.
The Markman's bonus range increased (from 2 to 3).
Chance to parry now affected by shield's weight.
The Rogue ability Assassination no longer produces bonus damage on miss.
Platemail leggings now protect feet from damage when running.
Active weapon abilities consume Stamina, even when parried.
Reduced the chance of passive weapon abilities, based on Anatomy.
Non-Player Characters and Creatures now regenerate hits, stamina, and mana based on corresponding attributes.
Weapons, armor, and shields no longer produce the affect Reflect Physical Damage.
Runic Abilities on craft and loot modified, removed, enhanced.
Pugilist evasion bonus now grants partial bonus to weapons.
The Beastmaster and Summoner follower bonuses now stack.
Summoner abilities now affect summoned daemons and fire elementals.
Monk's dispel ability reduced (to 66% from 100%).
Summoners may summon a maximum of four creatures at a time.
All weapons require a minimum of 2 stamina to swing, including fists.
Players now start with 10,000 Essence of Character.
Spirit Speak now heals hitpoints, as per AOS.
Players may now increase skillcaps via the Character Overview display.
Decreasing skillcaps now returns 1/3 of the EoC spent.
Starting Skills reduced (from 550 to 450).
Overall Skillcap reduced to 1,000.
Individual Statcap increased (from 140 to 150).
Ingot weight increased (from 1 to 5 stones).
Increased the amount of EoC generated when striking an opponent.
Hit Lower Attack and Defend now produce results when using ItemID.

0.0.2
Getting hit no longer reduces stamina.
Weapon Life, Stamina, and Mana leech abilities now absorb 50% of damage dealt.
Pack Instinct bonus range increased (from 1 to 3).
Bows now consume proper stamina on swing.
Modifications made to stamina-loss while running.
Warlock is no longer able to leech mana with ranged weapons.
Stamina regeneration now increases as a player loses hitpoints.
Increased chance of degrading equipment on death.
Players no longer lose skillpoints on Knock Out.
Players are now required to be on an altar to mark recall runes.
Wooden shields no longer produce empty results on ItemID.
Server no longer automatically restarts every 24 hours.
Sever now saves every 30 minutes, as opposed to two hours.
Items now take up to 28 days to decay.

0.0.3
Orc Kin Masks no longer reduce karma.
The Character Overview can now be accessed via context menu.
Character Overview now displays Knock Out Counts.
Character Overview no longer displays murders counts.
Reduced speed of stamina regen with low health.
Knock-Out Gump now displays KO's.
Time spent unconscious now based on current KO count.
Increased chance to degrade equipment on Knockout.
The door knock context menu no longer appears empty.
Running now negates stamina regeneration bonuses.
Players must now rest after running before regaining stamina.
Cannons now check player distance on firing.
Minimum jump range increased to two tiles.
Race Abilities can now be accessed via context menu.
Players now start with 20,000 Essence of Character
Each race now has individual stat-caps.
Level 5 Acrobat Perk now grants +35 dexterity.
Reduced affect of Magic resist on fire-field.
Increased fire-field damage.
Scrolls no longer require mana to use.
Spells no longer require reagents to cast.
Reagents now reduce the mana required to cast by 50%
The Kobold race ability no longer works when targetting self.
Ophidians, Terathans, and Liches now resist poison.
Lowered intelligence reduction on werewolves while transformed.
Increased EOC cost to play the Liche Race.

0.0.4
Race System Overhaul: New races, new gump, new abilities.

0.0.5
Weapons and shields can no longer be held by characters in non-human form.
Each non-human race now do extra melee damage in place of weapons.
Shapeshifters now do extra melee damage based on body assumed.
Players now regenerate stamina when running on a mount.
Elementals now regenerate mana much faster in water-form.
Reduced base regeneation speed of both mana and stamina.
Jump stamina requirement now accounts for player weight in relation to capacity.
Ogres now suffer a -1 jump range penalty.
Terathans now have a +1 jump range bonus.
Elementals can now jump on water in liquid form.
Modifications to how weight affects jumping.
Reduced amount of weight players can carry, based on Strength.
Reduced base follower limit to 2.

0.0.6
Disguise kits now provide a name selection gump.
Disguise kits now require the forensic evalutation skill.
Disguised names now appear on objects tampered with (bodies, containers, doors).
Guards now construct with proper AI_Types.
Added OnThink() functionality to Backtrolian Guards to provide controllable response time.
Doors now automatically close after 10 seconds when used by an NPC.
Cannons now require the armslore skill, with a chance of miss-fire based on skill.
Cannon base damage reduced, damage to targets near explosion increased.

0.0.7
The server now displays the Packet ID of incoming connections.
The Level 5 Acrobat perk (olympian) now provides +40 maximum stamina.
Certain perks now cause emotes when dodging, or deflecting an attack.
Players are no longer able to jump while mounted.
Player bodyweight is no longer accounted for in weight carried.
Added Medics to accompany the Backtrolian Guard.
Added Line of Sight check to Backtrolian Guards.
Backtrolian guards are now guards because I'm tired of writing backtrolian guards..
Healer AI no longer heals enemy combatants.
The server will now annoy players if they do not meet client version requirements.
Liches may now equip staff-type weapons.
Elementals and Liches are no longer required to eat.
Liches are no longer required to drink.
Elementals become thirsty faster than other races.
NPC's capable of teaching now require copper as payment.
Sail boat captains now accept copper as payment for travel.

0.0.8
Jumping down from over a story now damages players.
Decreased the default wait time to regain consciousness.
Copper to Gold conversion ratio is now 1 to 1,000.
Assassination contracts now pay out copper.
Bank checks now cash out copper coins by default.
Creatures now have alignments which affect who they attack.

0.0.9
Creatures attacking due to alignment now appear orange to combatants.
Adjusted Karma Ranges for each alignment to provide more 'realism'.
Creatures will no longer attack staff, no matter alignment.
Anything that lowers stamina now has a chance to reduce hunger and thirst levels.
Console header text now modifiable in header.txt

0.1.0
Perks now Validate Equipment on level up to instantly display stat changes.
Reduced the height players can jump based on strength and dexterity.
Hunger & Thirst will now reduce mana and stamina if too low.
Running with 0 thirst or 0 hunger will now damage a player.
Stamina lost when running now accounts for Hunger and Thirst.

0.1.1
Guards will now attack creatures based upon both notoriety and alignment.
Flying carpets may now be commanded at a range of twelve tiles.
Lowered Individual stat-caps for Humans (now 125 in each category).
Creatures killed outside a 32-tile radius of a player will no longer leave corpses.
Flying Carpets will now stop once outside a 12 tile radius from its' master.
Players now start as human and are no longer displayed the Race Gump on creation.
Carpet Shadows no longer appear above carpets when at ground level.

0.1.2
Guards now call of assistance when at low levels of health.
Staff may now toggle whether or not they are recognized by the corpse production process.
Pets will now refuse to attack guards out of fear.
Corrected magery level on wizard type guards.
Bank Boxes no longer fall to backpacks on knockout.


https://docs.google.com/uc?export=download&confirm=Y-Fx&id=0B8alYNlu3SuoLWVuUXpyQzlFaGc

TODO:
-
Flying carpets need the wrap function.
Flying carpets shouldn't be able to fly over black tiles.
Tents need to check placement.
Chance to parry/hit should be reduced if not facing opponent.
Life/Death?
Resources/Craft
Armslore / Gump?
ItemID Rename Gump
Need to change Cliloc to say cp instead of gp
Need to reduce the height to strength/dex ratio on jump.
HEaler AI needs to heal players?
Cannons need a control gump
Languages need an overview gump
Studded armor should allow full med.
Need currency converting mobile.
Need to edit cliloc on follower limit ("You have too many followers" should be "You can not control this many followers")
Summon creature needs new, selectable summons.
Carpets need to serialize entities




